Hey, open the door! Now!
Open up!
-Open up!
-You wench!
-Open the door now!
-Han-na.
-Han-na?
-Yes, sir.
RECORDING STUDIO 1
Damn it.
Han-na.
You're scaring me.
Let go of me, you bastards!
What are you doing? Let go of me!
-Let go of me!
-Stay still!
Are you out of your mind, Gyeong-hui?
You can't do this!
You're a public servant, not a gangster!
You can't--
Mr. Gal!
-Mr. Gal!
-Get him out of here.
Mr. Gal!
Mr. Gal…
Sang-sik, you got to press it hard
if you want to live.
Gun.
Mr. Gal!
I know your father is
an assemblyman in his third term,
but you've gone too far. Don't you think?
Jang Han-na!
My goodness.
Sir, please calm down.
An… I mean, Mr. An.
Thank you for calling me.
That bastard Gang-mu is solely responsible
for all this.
You know that, right?
Of course.
That bastard once pulled
a knife on you before, right?
What are you talking about?
The ANSP exists
to protect
the security of people in power.
I know I dug up dirt on someone I hated,
and destroyed him,
but how dare he rat on Director Park,
my right-hand man?
I was almost removed
from office because of that bastard!
Was it…
Was it because of you, Dad?
I only joined the ANSP to find out
why he left me all of a sudden.
But was it because of you, Dad?
Why did you have to
fall for a good-for-nothing like him?
He was different from you.
I fell in love with him
because he was so different from you!
Because he wasn't
a good-for-nothing like you!
-You little!
-Calm down.
-You!
-Gosh. Whoa, whoa.
-Please.
-Chief An.
Take her and beat her to a pulp!
Kill Lee Gang-mu, that bastard.
And make sure what she said
won't be in the news.
As you wish, sir. Leave it to me.
-Take her.
-Yes, sir.
Try to kill Gang-mu, and I'll kill you!
Remember that! Okay?
God damn it! Let go of me!
Let go of me, you bastards! Let go!
Han-na, come on, answer me.
Jang Han-na?
Han-na.
You fool.
You shouldn't have been so reckless.
Yes.
Your sister and I
used to be best friends.
Then I found out
Yeon-ok was pregnant with the baby
of my fiancé that I loved so much.
But I couldn't do anything.
I couldn't stand it, so I came back to
Korea in the middle of writing my thesis.
And three days later,
I was dragged to the ANSP
without knowing why.
NAME: PI SEUNG-HUI
I…
I didn't know back then